to provide this end-to-end guaranteed like throughput. Yeah. So it's tricky actually. We either should check that we manage, like we should just select that peak hour and we need to understand maybe from the logs how this performs, probably that's the easiest solution without the missing integrations and load tests. If we had this like integration and load tests, we potentially could do some kind of a benchmark. Yeah. But right now I don't think we can do something meaningful. Yeah, so you basically propose to run it on real data that occurs in the real world on a sidestream to the Python script. This is already happening, that's my understanding at least. Yeah. Because we already have some, what was it? We already have all of these test environments feeding the same data as in production. Yeah, yeah. That was my understanding based on what I talked to Stanislav. Yeah. So we should be fine with this. We just need to make sure that like we were able to catch up on the data in sufficient time. Maybe by checking the logs, maybe we can also, I can ask Stanislav so we can print some delays, like time since like the record was ready and times we managed to synchronize it. Yeah. Within like those Cloud4Log, like this end-to-end latency. Yeah. And then we can measure how much records we've printed, whether that's like we count all the records from the logs, we count, we check the latencies and that's it. Yeah. And we should definitely lower that interval. It's still five minutes, we should lower it. Because what happens is like when you have a spike, these spikes would like over a longer period, we can accumulate much more records. Yeah, yeah. It's one minute in production at least. So if we don't have one on the test of ramen we use, we should lower it there. I'm with you. Maybe it makes sense to lower it, for example, to 20 seconds. Yeah. Maybe. Also, the thing I tried to explain with static and adaptive scaling is something I actually wanted to discuss. If we have a lather there, if we can even slice it smaller so that more instances are running. Not with the current architecture, because our trigger for scaling is predefined in a way that we have these intervals, etc. Yeah, we have like 30 to 35 something sources that trigger each two Cloud Function calls. Yes. Yeah. So that's basically our definition of how many functions we have. We cannot artificially erase that. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Okay. I mean, I mean, we are more or less abusing this serverless. Yeah. Stuff, because how serverless usually works is it's either, let's say, based on HTTP requests and something that you can load balance or over, let's say, pops up again, there is a notion of load balancing over there. Yeah. But with this kind of time-based trigger, it's really hard to adaptively scale out when we have more data or scaling when we have less. No. Yeah. And we even have these like intervals fixed. In theory, if we were using, let's say, some kind of offset based like somehow remembering that offset where we left off with the records, maybe we can also have some kind of a hint to, let's say, we establish that there are many more records that need to be synchronized, maybe on next, like, and we didn't manage to synchronize all of them. Yeah. Then the next interval should pick up them immediately. Mm-hmm. Yeah. This is something that... Yeah. It's basically a little bit like the approach we offered for the safe solution. Yeah. But in a simple way. Yeah. If you ask me, like, the cheap option is anyways not to go forward for them. No, it's not. They're not asking for it at all. Yeah. That's the strange thing. I mean, it's been caused by multiple conditions, basically. Not have... Back then, when they requested this project, I requested architectural support. First of all, that was not granted. Then they said, just migrate the Python script. that was bad, because we got actually disturbed with free thinking and making it cheap. Mm-hmm. That was an issue. So, yeah. But the... If we want to track which records have been processed, is this something we want to introduce now? That is also a dramatic change that needs testing. If we store in the table storage tracking each individual record, most likely this won't be a simpler option compared to using messaging. Let me tell you how it gets more complicated. Because we have potentially multiple... We potentially have multiple let's say function runs spawning across the same records and trying to process the same records, trying to update the same table storage. If one of them is more or less delayed, the second one would start trying picking up this from where the previous one left off. And this would get a complete mess. Yeah. And in this case, we actually need something more of a producer-consumer scenario. And while we can trigger functions based on the storage, it doesn't make much sense actually to do that. It's better to have it triggered from a pubsub which is more oriented towards that kind of processing. And while in theory, each instance might try to let's say see where the previous instance is working on, what kind of data set, and try to let's say help it progress with the rest of the work, that in practice would mean we need to have a very complicated concurrency solution with work distribution, etc. And again, we're reinventing the wheel. That's what messaging is all about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. True. So that makes me wonder if we at all actually use like, what we can do as a very simple improvement over the chip solution is use that storage and actually keep track only of the offset, which is anyway an improvement. because potentially we can just retry some data again if we see that we didn't manage to like complete that over the previous run. Are you talking about any further development, like one of the options we proposed, or within the scope of the currently running? Oh, well, this would take a lot of time. Correct. I mean, for the Cloud4Log, I think we should be trying, hope that the optimistic approach would be able to like complete without issues most of the time. Yeah. Or, and hope that there wouldn't be any major downtimes until we provide the Markham solution. That's my opinion here. Or we like tell the customer, hey, we have screwed ourselves and we need to fix again the implementation. No, but the problem appears when he says, I don't want the big solution. Right. He didn't even took a look at the price tax on the different solutions. That's true. However, I think there was a meeting this morning where I think it was talked about. I need to check with Martin. I didn't receive any feedback. Me neither, but Martin repeated the story again of Christian saying in the end it's just an if statement to support Markant. That seems to be his position unfortunately. it's not a if statement though. mean unless they want a scenario where they would lose data when one of these platforms becomes unavailable. Yeah. Yeah. Of course, with the current architecture. Yeah. With the proper architecture, this could have been just a new component and that's it. Yeah. So, yeah. It's not easy. What do we do? I mean there's also the season times, right? Where we have way higher traffic. Easter, Christmas. Yeah. We don't know how much this would spike. Yeah. I need to think about it. Yeah. Maybe we should also jump on a call with Stanislav again. What do you say? Should we pick Josef as well? He's been into the... Yeah. We definitely need Josef as well. because Josef will be able to materialize what we talk in a design and Stanislav he may have some difficulties about that. He's not that strong in this distributed systems development. Yeah. All right. Then I think I'll set up a call for of us probably with Mihailo as well or maybe Nikolai basically the whole team. Just to discuss again what amount did we tackle so far? How critical were timeouts and stuff like that? And what to expect in seasons. High seasons and what we think how it handles that scenario then. Or potentially adding some more locks like you proposed. All right. I think it's good to have such a meeting once again to swear in on the same direction. If that's even an English term. Good. other than that we kind of promised to create a third version. Is that what you understood as well? Yeah. That we can create a third version but the third version would still be a compromise and I mean it's very very close to the first option the third one where we track individual cartridge states this would take even more time compared to our more expensive solution. Yeah. So if they want something in the middle we can provide this kind of adjustment so we can at least resume from where we left off which in theory like might cause some additional delays around spikes but still this would let's say not lose data. If exceptions are classified appropriately because if exceptions are not classified as needed this may have a more significant impact to us because we'll just delay synchronizing code data where we keep retrying one record that obviously has some data quality issues for example and then it's getting even worse. Yeah it's blocking the others. Yes. No. Okay. That's what I don't like about this synchronous approach. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Good. Let's end the call for now. I will set up a new meeting with all of us. So have one final alignment and then we can move on from there. All right. All right. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks, Matthias. Thanks to you. Speak soon. See you later. Bye bye.