Morning All, 

Just to provide an update from our side:

CDC blocker: 
We have been able to setup the binary log reader but the permissions required on the account mismatch the documentation we have been following eg it needs a LOT more to actual run. - we have a call on Monday to discuss. (Ron and Eric have been leading on this)

Oracle view conversion & testing
Andrej said this morning that he will be likely completed today. I'll get a final status today.
Change to be implemented across Postgres and Oracle is the names of some of the views are over 30 characters and Oracle has a 30 character limit. 
New naming convention is agreed and new View names is being implemented into NEW dispo code [ P3 Dev team] , Postgres [Sonja] and Oracle [Andrej]. 

Target deployment for Postgres and Oracle is Monday 27th for ABN1060 

VDI access for 7 P3 developers - Platform Services is still in progress with this

Striim license extension request - this is completed until October 2026 

DB user permissions spec (least-privilege) - @Yosif Mihaylov can we get this and we can get the users created in the ABN1060 environment and we can start testing 

Questions:
Do we have a technical drawing of the keycloak/ authentication design? 
We need to add 2 testers from the TMS testing team to the application.
@Uschmann, Patrick - have you designed your test cases/ planned the testing scenarios you want to complete? (I'll drop you a separate mail on this) 

5 weeks to GO

Notes:
I'll be out of office on Tuesday/ Wednesday/ Thursday AM

Kind regards / Mit freundlichen Grüßen / Met vriendelijke groet

Matt Wilkinson
External Delivery Consultant - Programme management 
Phone:  +44 7738438287
UK Timezone